This Coin Crowd-Sale Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of this November 4, 2017 (the “Effective Date”) by and between yourself (the “User” or “Purchaser” “Shareholder” or “You”) and CryptedUnited.com (the “Company” or “CryptedUnited”) (each, a “Party” and together, the “Parties”). The Company provides a service selling Coins that will be used as a currency accepted by the CryptedUnited crowdfunding service specializing in developing use-cases for cryptocurrencies, as more fully described in Exhibit A hereto.

The Company is creating digital Coins (“Coins” or “Shares”) intended to act as Coins of utility which act as shares of CryptedUnited and its sub-services.

The Company is engaging in a crowdsale of Coins (the “Crowd Sale” or “ICO”) on the terms set forth herein. The risks associated with participation in this Crowd Sale are more fully described in Exhibit B.

1. Basic Principles
(a) U.S. CITIZENS (as defined in 8 U.S.C. Subchapter III) U.S. PERSONS (as defined in 17 C.F.R. §230.902(k)) ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY ARE BUYING A ‘SECONDARY COIN’, THAT WON’T RECEIVE FUTURE DIVIDENDS AND IS NOT CONSIDERED A SECURITY BY DEFINITION. The distinction between primary and secondary coin is only internal. On the free market when sold, the secondary coin will automatically transform to a primary coin. US investors can sell their secondary coin and immediately re-purchase coins on the free market which are eligible to receive dividends.
(b) By transferring cryptocurrencies to the system Purchaser understands and accepts that the Purchaser makes a contribution into a system for the development of cryptocurrency use-cases (“Contribution”), as further described in the CryptedUnited Whitepaper (“Whitepaper”). For the Whitepaper and/or further information on CryptedUnited, visit: http://www.cryptedunited.com. The information contained in the Whitepaper and on the website are of descriptive nature only, are not binding – unless explicitly referred to herein – and do not form part of these Terms.
(c) Purchaser understands and accepts that while the individuals and entities, including Company, assigned to this task will make commercially reasonable efforts to develop and complete the CryptedUnited Project, it is possible that such development may fail and User’s Coins become useless and/or valueless due to technical, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons.
(d) Purchaser is also aware of the risk that even if all or parts of the CryptedUnited Project are successfully developed and released in full or in parts, due to a lack of public interest, the CryptedUnited Project could be fully or partially abandoned, remain commercially unsuccessful or shut down for lack of interest, regulatory or other reasons. Purchaser therefore understands and accepts that the transfer of cryptocurrencies to the system carries significant financial, regulatory and/or reputational risks (including the complete loss of value of created CryptedUnited Coins if any, and attributed features of the CryptedUnited Project).
(e) Neither this document nor any other document or communication may modify or add any additional obligations to Company, the developer of the System and/or any other person.
(f) By transferring cryptocurrencies to the system Purchaser expressly agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this document (the “Terms”), which is incorporated by reference herein. PURCHASER FURTHER CONFIRMS TO HAVE CAREFULLY REVIEWED THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS DOCUMENT AND TO FULLY UNDERSTAND THE RISKS AND COSTS OF CREATING CRYPTEDUNITED COINS AND CONTRIBUTING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE CRYPTEDUNITED PROJECT.
(g) This document does not constitute a prospectus of any sort, is not a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any way to an initial public offering or a share/equity offering and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction.
(h) By transferring cryptocurrencies to the system and/or receiving CryptedUnited Coins, no form of partnership, joint venture or any similar relationship between Purchasers and CryptedUnited.com and/or other individuals or entities involved with the deployment of the setting up of the CryptedUnited Project is created.
(i) The Contribution into the System will not involve any fiat currencies and will strictly be done in cryptocurrencies.

2. Crowdsale Allocation Process; Refunds.
(a) Delivery of Coins. Company will deliver the quantity of Coins purchased by Purchaser within a timely manner (24 hours) after confirmation on the corresponding blockchain; provided, however, that the Company reserves the right to extend the Coin delivery deadline for up to two (2) additional weeks if necessary to address any unanticipated technical difficulties. For the avoidance of doubt, any such extension shall not affect the obligation of the Company and the Purchaser to make and take delivery, respectively.
(b) Purchaser’s Right to a Refund. Purchaser will have no right to a refund under any circumstances.

3. Purpose and Use of Coins in the Ecosystem; Possible Migration of Coins.
(a) The purpose of the Coins is to create a digital cryptocurrency for trade, liquidity, and investment into the CryptedUnited platform for cryptocurrency use-cases (the “Services” or “Projects”). Additional information regarding the Services and the Company is summarized in Exhibit A and further described in the Whitepaper.
(b) Purchase, ownership, receipt, or possession of Coins carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use Coins as a means to enable usage of and interaction with Services enabled by the Ecosystem, if successfully completed and deployed. In particular, Purchaser understands and accepts that Coins do not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share, security, or equivalent rights, or any right to receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to the Ecosystem and/or Company and its corporate affiliates, other than any rights relating to the provision and receipt of Services in the Ecosystem, subject to limitations and conditions in this Agreement. The Coins are not intended to be a digital currency, security, commodity, or any kind of financial instrument.
(c) Company reserves the right to migrate the Coins to another protocol in the future should the Company determine, in its reasonable discretion, that doing so is necessary or useful to the operation of the Ecosystem.

4. Scope.
(a) Unless otherwise stated herein, this Agreement only governs the Purchaser’s purchase of Coins from Company during the Crowd Sale.
(b) Any use of Coins in connection with providing or receiving Services may be governed by other applicable terms and conditions and policies.

5. Cancellation; Refusal of Purchase Requests. All Coin purchases from the Company are final, and there are no refunds or cancellations except as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Company reserves the right to refuse or cancel Coin purchase requests at any time in its sole discretion.

6. Acknowledgment and Assumption of Risks. PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PURCHASING COINS, OWNING COINS, AND USING COINS FOR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF SERVICES IN THE ECOSYSTEM, AS DISCLOSED AND EXPLAINED IN EXHIBIT B. BY PURCHASING COINS, PURCHASER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND ASSUMES THESE RISKS.

7. Security. Purchaser is responsible for implementing reasonable measures for securing the wallet, vault or other storage mechanism Purchaser uses to receive and hold Coins purchased from Company, including any requisite private key(s) or other credentials necessary to access such storage mechanism(s). If Purchaser’s private key(s) or other access credentials are lost, Purchaser may lose access to Purchaser’s Coins. Company is not responsible for any losses, costs or expenses relating to lost access credentials.

8. Personal Information. The Company may determine, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary to obtain certain information about Purchaser in order to comply with applicable laws or regulations in connection with selling Coins to Purchaser. Purchaser agrees to provide Company such information promptly upon request. Purchaser acknowledges that Company may refuse to sell Coins to Purchaser until Purchaser provides such requested information and has determined that it is permissible to sell Purchaser Coins under applicable laws or regulations.

9. Taxes. Any amounts that Purchaser pays for Coins are exclusive of all applicable taxes. Purchaser is responsible for determining what, if any, taxes apply to Purchaser’s purchase of Coins, including, for example, sales, use, value added, and similar taxes. It is also Purchaser’s responsibility to withhold, collect, report and remit the correct taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. The Company is not responsible for withholding, collecting, reporting, or remitting any sales, use, value added, or similar tax arising from the Purchaser’s purchase of Coins.

10. Company Representations and Warranties.
(a) The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business as now conducted.
(b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement is within the power of the Company and, other than with respect to the actions to be taken when Coins are to be sold to the Purchaser, has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity. To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or (iii) any material indenture or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case, such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
(c) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this Agreement, other than (i) the Company’s corporate approvals, (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable laws, and (iii) necessary corporate approvals for the authorization of a Coin Sale.

11. Purchaser Representations and Warranties.
(a) Purchaser has sufficient understanding of technical and business matters (including those that relate to the Services and Ecosystem), cryptographic Coins, Coin storage mechanisms (such as Coin wallets), and blockchain technology to understand this Agreement and to appreciate the risks and implications of purchasing the Coins;
(b) Purchaser has read and understands the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including all Exhibits);
(c) Purchaser understands the restrictions and risks associated with the creation of Coins as set forth herein, and acknowledges and assumes all such risks;
(d) Purchaser has obtained sufficient information about the Coins, the Services and the Ecosystem to make an informed decision to purchase the Coins;
(e) Purchaser understands that the Coins confer only the right to provide and receive Services in the Ecosystem, and confer no other rights of any form with respect to the Ecosystem or the Company, including, but not limited to, any ownership, distribution, redemption, liquidation, proprietary (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights;
(f) Purchaser is purchasing Coins solely for the purpose of receiving Services, participating in the Ecosystem, and supporting the development, testing, deployment and operation of the Ecosystem, being aware of the commercial risks associated with the Company and the Ecosystem. Purchaser is not purchasing Coins for any other purposes, including, but not limited to, any investment, speculative or financial purpose;
(g) PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THERE ARE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH PURCHASING COINS, OWNING COINS, AND USING COINS FOR THE PROVISION OR RECEIPT OF SERVICES IN THE ECOSYSTEM AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 8 ABOVE AND AS FURTHER DESCRIBED IN EXHIBIT B;
(h) Purchaser’s purchase of Coins complies with applicable laws and regulations in Purchaser’s jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, (i) legal capacity and any other threshold requirements in Purchaser’s jurisdiction for the purchase of the Coins and entering into contracts with the Company, (ii) any foreign exchange or regulatory restrictions applicable to such purchase, and (iii) any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained;
(i) Purchaser will comply with any applicable tax obligations in Purchaser’s jurisdiction arising from Purchaser’s purchase of Coins;
(j) If Purchaser is purchasing Coins on behalf of any entity, Purchaser is authorized to accept the terms of this Agreement on such entity’s behalf and that such entity will be responsible for breach of this Agreement by Purchaser or any other employee or agent of such entity (references to “Purchaser” in this Agreement refer to Purchaser and such entity, jointly);
(k) Purchaser is not resident or domiciled in the state of New York or purchasing Coins from a location in New York State;
(l) Purchaser is not (i) a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or use of the Services or the acceptance of delivery of the Coins is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act, (ii) a citizen or resident of, or located in, a geographic area that is subject to U.S. or other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes, or (iii) an individual, or an individual employed by or associated with an entity, identified on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Denied Persons or Entity List, the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons Lists, or the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred Parties List. Purchaser agrees that if Purchaser’s country of residence or other circumstances change such that the above representations are no longer accurate, that Purchaser will immediately cease using the Services. If Purchaser is registering to use the Services on behalf of a legal entity, Purchaser further represents and warrants that (i) such legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and (ii) Purchaser is duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.

12. Indemnification.
(a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Purchaser will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (the “Company Parties”) from and against all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) that arise from or relate to:
(i) Purchaser’s purchase or use of Coins, (ii) Purchaser’s responsibilities or obligations under this Agreement, (iii) Purchaser’s violation of this Agreement, or (iv) Purchaser’s violation of any rights of any other person or entity.
(b) The Company reserves the right to exercise sole control over the defense, at Purchaser’s expense, of any claim subject to indemnification under Section 14(a). This indemnity is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other indemnities set forth in a written agreement between Purchaser and the Company.

13. Disclaimers.
(a) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN A WRITING BY THE COMPANY, (A) THE COINS ARE SOLD ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AS TO THE COINS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, (B) COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE COINS ARE RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE, MEET PURCHASER’S REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COINS WILL BE CORRECTED, AND (C) COMPANY CANNOT AND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE COINS OR THE DELIVERY MECHANISM FOR COINS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
(b) Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or disclaimer of implied terms in contracts with consumers, so some or all of the exclusions of warranties and disclaimers in this Section 15 may not apply to Purchaser.

14. Limitation of Liability.
(a) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW (i) IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WHERE RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE SALE OR USE OF THE COINS OR OTHERWISE RELATED TO THESE TERMS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, SIMPLE NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (EVEN IF THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE), AND (ii) IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY AND THE COMPANY PARTIES (JOINTLY), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE COINS, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PURCHASER PAID TO COMPANY FOR THE COINS.
(b) THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 16(a) WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE LIABILITY FOR THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD OR INTENTIONAL, WILLFUL OR RECKLESS MISCONDUCT OF THE COMPANY.
(c) Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the limitations of this Section 16 may not apply to Purchaser.

15. Release. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Purchaser releases the Company and the other Company Parties from responsibility, liability, claims, demands and/or damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown (including, but not limited to, claims of negligence), arising out of or related to disputes between users and the acts or omissions of third parties. Purchaser expressly waives any rights Purchaser may have under California Civil Code § 1542 as well as any other statute or common law principles that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which Purchaser may know or suspect to exist in Purchaser’s favor at the time of agreeing to this release.

16. Dispute Resolution; Arbitration.
(a) Binding Arbitration. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, or the breach termination or invalidity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as at present in force and as
may be amended by the rest of this clause.

17. Severability. If any term, clause or provision of this Agreement is held unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that term, clause or provision will be severable from this Agreement and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining part of that term, clause or provision, or any other term, clause or provision of this Agreement.

18. Miscellaneous.
(a) Any provision of this instrument may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent of the Company.
(b) In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement operate or would prospectively operate to invalidate this Agreement then and in any such event, such provision(s) only will be deemed null and void and will not affect any other provision of this Agreement and the remaining provisions of this will remain operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.

EXHIBIT A

Description of the Company, Service, and Coins
CryptedUnited is an ecosystem that applies Blockchain technologies to cryptocurrency use-cases to pursue a wider adoption of cryptocurrencies in general, lowering barriers to entry, and increasing market liquidity. Key to our ecosystem is the innovation of CryptedUnited Coins, a unique digital asset with inherent value as a secure currency, which may be traded or used to participate in Crowdfunding on our platform. When users purchase Coins, as with any cryptocurrency they may elect to keep or trade these Coins. Investors may also choose to use their Coins to on our platform. The Coins will also be tradable inside the Crowdfunding platform so that any investor will be able to transfer and sell their investment to gain liquidity.

Creation and Allocation of Coins by Company
1. Coin Sale Details. CryptedUnited Coins come into existence with the concept Proof of Value-Transfer. To ensure full transparency on the creation of coins, every purchasing transaction (originating from the Coin-Wallet) on the openly browseable blockchain will refer to the transaction on the blockchain of the currency the coin was purchased with.

a. Participants willing to contribute to and support the development of CryptedUnited can do so by sending supported cryptocurrencies to the designated addresses.
b. By doing so contributors create CryptedUnited Coins at the rate of $0.0125 per 1 Coin.
c. It will begin on DATE.
d. Company controls the addresses to which user investments will be sent (implemented as a secure cold storage address).

EXHIBIT B
Certain Risks Relating to Purchase, Sale, and Use of Coins
None of the information presented in this Exhibit B is intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. The Company expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this Exhibit B, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting from such information.
By purchasing, owning, and using Coins, Purchaser expressly acknowledge and assume
the following risks:
1. Risk that Company is unable to obtain required licenses and regulatory approvals for
the CryptedUnited Participation and Crowdfunding platform.
The Company is selling Coins that will be used as a currency accepted by its Platform. The Company will take all diligent efforts, including legal consultation and licensing efforts, to have the Platform regulated in relevant jurisdictions once the ICO has closed. The Coin is a security according to US legislation, and it is possible that it may be classified as securities by certain regulatory authorities in the future. Purchaser expressly acknowledges and understands the possible risk that in the event that a relevant jurisdiction decides to regulate the CryptedUnited Platform as a security, said jurisdiction may, despite diligent efforts, refuse to register the aforementioned as a security, or in its discretion as a jurisdiction refuse to grant any other relevant licenses or regulatory approvals. Buying Coins involves neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities, as the CryptedUnited Platform may be defined. The achievement of any or all goals by the CryptedUnited Platform is not guaranteed. There is no assurance that the value of the CryptedUnited Platform will be sufficient to return any portion of the investors' original capital.
2. Risk of Losing Access to Coins Due to Loss of Private Key(s), Passwords or Custodial Error
A password, private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control and dispose of Coins stored in Purchaser digital wallet or vault. Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with Purchaser digital wallet or vault storing Coins will result in loss of such Coins. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet service Purchaser use, may be able to misappropriate Purchaser Coins. Any errors or malfunctions caused by or otherwise related to the digital wallet or vault Purchaser choose to receive and store Coins, including Purchaser own failure to properly maintain or use such digital wallet or vault, may also result in the loss of Purchaser Coins. Additionally, Purchaser failure to follow precisely the procedures set forth in for buying and receiving Coins.
3. Risk of Hacking and Security Weaknesses
Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Ecosystem or the Coins in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing.
4. Risk of Uninsured Losses
Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, Coins are uninsured unless Purchaser specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or private insurance arranged by Company, to offer recourse to Purchaser.
9. Risks Associated with Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions
The regulatory status of the Coins and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect to such technology and its applications, including the Ecosystem and the Coins. It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether legislatures or regulatory agencies may implement changes to law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the Ecosystem and the Coins. Regulatory actions could negatively impact the Ecosystem and the Coins in various ways, including, for purposes of illustration only, through a determination that the purchase, sale and delivery of the Coins constitutes unlawful activity or that the Coins are a regulated instrument that require registration or licensing of those instruments or some or all of the parties involved in the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. The Company may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.
10. Risks Arising from Taxation
The tax characterization of Coins is uncertain. Purchaser must seek Purchaser’s own tax advice in connection with purchasing Coins, which may result in adverse tax consequences to Purchaser, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements.
11. Risk of Competing Ecosystems
It is possible that alternative ecosystems could be established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the Ecosystem and attempt to facilitate services that are materially similar to the Services. The Ecosystem may compete with these alternatives, which could negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.
12. Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Ecosystem or Distributed Applications
It is possible that the Ecosystem will not be used by a large number of individuals, companies and other entities or that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems (such as the Ecosystem) more generally. Such a lack of use or interest could negatively impact the development of the Ecosystem and therefore the potential utility of the Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.
13. Risks Associated with the Development and Maintenance of the Ecosystem
The Ecosystem is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. Although Company intends for the Coins and Ecosystem to function as described in Exhibit A, and intends to take commercially reasonable steps toward those ends, Company may have to make changes to the specifications of the Coins or Ecosystem for any number of legitimate reasons. Moreover, the Company has no control over how other participants will use the Ecosystem, what products or services will be offered through the Ecosystem by third parties, or how third-party products and services will utilize Coins (if at all). This could create the risk that the Coins or Ecosystem, as further developed and maintained, may not meet Purchaser expectations at the time of purchase. Furthermore, despite Company’s good faith efforts to develop and participate in the Ecosystem, it is still possible that the Ecosystem will experience malfunctions or otherwise fail to be adequately developed or maintained, which may negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, and the potential utility of the Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.
14. Risk of Dissolution of the Company or Ecosystem
It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an unfavorable fluctuation in the value of ETH and/or BTC (or other cryptographic and fiat currencies), decrease in the Coins’ utility (including their utility for obtaining Services), the failure of  commercial relationships, or intellectual property ownership challenges, the Ecosystem may no longer be viable to operate or the Company may dissolve.
15. Risks Arising from Lack of Governance Rights
Because Coins confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Ecosystem or the Company, all decisions involving the Company’s products or services within the Ecosystem or the Company itself will be made by the Company at its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions to discontinue its products or services in the Ecosystem, to create and sell more Coins for use in the Ecosystem, or to sell or liquidate the Company. These decisions could adversely affect the Ecosystem and the utility of any Coins Purchaser owns, including their utility for obtaining Services.
16. Unanticipated Risks
Cryptographic coins such as the Coins are a new and untested technology. In addition to the risks included in this Exhibit B, there are other risks associated with Purchaser’s purchase, possession, and use of the Coins, including unanticipated risks. Such risks may further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed in this Exhibit B.